Add Accelerator Event Executor Docs (#533)
wso2/docs-open-banking: en/docs/develop/custom-event-executor.md

##Writing a Custom Event Executor

WSO2 Open Banking Accelerator contains an event executor that processes events taken from an event queue 

> asynchronously. Relevant events will be added to the event queue by the WSO2 Open Banking Accelerator depending 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
asynchronously. Relevant events are added to the event queue by WSO2 Open Banking Accelerator depending 
```

on the event triggering scenario. Currently, all the consent state-changing events are added to the event queue.

You can implement the interface provided in WSO2 Open Banking Accelerator and process the events according to your 
open banking requirements:

> - To implement a custom Pushed Auth Request validator, extend the following class:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To implement a custom Even Executor, extend the following class:
```

``` java
com.wso2.openbanking.accelerator.common.event.executor.OBEventExecutor
```

Given below is a brief explanation of the methods you need to implement.

###processEvent method

> This method processes the event polled from the event queue. Given below is the method signature:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method processes the events polled from the event queue. Given below is the method signature:
```

``` java
public void processEvent(OBEvent obEvent)
```

Input parameters

- `OBEvent obEvent` - contains an OBEvent object with event related details.

> Click here to see OBEvent Model class:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click here to see the `OBEvent` model class:
```

``` java
    private String eventType;
    private Map<String, Object> eventData;
    
    public OBEvent(String eventType, Map<String, Object> eventData) {
    
       this.eventType = eventType;
       this.eventData = eventData;
    }
    
    public String getEventType() {
    
       return eventType;
    }
    
    public Map<String, Object> getEventData() {
    
       return eventData;
    }

```

!!! note

> Map<String, Object> eventData contains the following parameters with respective key value pairs for a *consent 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Map<String, Object> eventData` contains the following parameters with respective key-value pairs for a **consent 
```

> related state change*. You can use the following values to perform business logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
related state change**. 
```

> 

Reviewer: Use the following values to perform business logic:

| Key | Value |
|---------|---------    |
|`ConsentId`|Consent ID|
|`UserId`|User ID|

> |`PreviousConsentStatus`|Consent status before status change event|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`PreviousConsentStatus`|The status of the consent before the status change event|
```

> |`Reason`|Reason for consent status change|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`Reason`|Reason for the change of consent status|
```

|`ClientId`|Client ID|

> |`ConsentDataMap`|Consent data map of kind Map<String, Object> containing additional details if necessary|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`ConsentDataMap`|A `Map<String, Object>` data map that contains additional details|
```

For example:

> - Implement the `OBEventExecutor` class and override the `processEvent` method in your  class as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Implement the `OBEventExecutor` class and override the `processEvent` method in your class as follows:
```

          try {
              if (eventData.get(CLIENT_ID) != null && eventData.get(CONSENT_ID) != null) {
                  sendArrangementRevocationRequestToADR(eventData.get(CLIENT_ID).toString(),
                          eventData.get(CONSENT_ID).toString(), OpenBankingCDSConfigParser.getInstance()
                                  .getConfiguration().get(CDSConsentExtensionConstants.DATA_HOLDER_ID).toString());
              } else {
                  log.error("Consent ID/Client ID cannot be null");
              }
          } catch (OpenBankingException e) {
              log.error("Something went wrong when sending the arrangement revocation request to ADR", e);
          }
      }
   
   }

   protected void sendArrangementRevocationRequestToADR(String clientId, String consentId, String dataHolderId)
          throws OpenBankingException {
   
       // implementation logic
   }

```

##Configuring a Custom Event Executor

1. Once implemented, build a JAR file for your Custom Event Executor and place it in the  
   `<IS_HOME>/repository/components/lib` and `<APIM_HOME>/repository/components/lib` directories.
2. Open the `<IS_HOME>/repository/conf/deployment.toml` file.

> 3. Find the `[open_banking.event]` tag and configure the queue size, number of worker threads, and then the event 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Find the `[open_banking.event]` tag and configure the queue size, the number of worker threads, and the event 
```
